hey guys DJ Phil here back we've got to
take karma going to take a look at my
top 5 c eight weeks of the week once
more so don't go anywhere i'm going to
jump to it straight after this
ok guys so first up we can we take a
look at huichol badge customizer as you
can see on my messages here I've just
got this great little icon on top of the
badge and you can actually resize this
change the color change the position all
that kind of stuff so we'll just make
this as big as it goes why not and we'll
change the sliders around the bit and
slide these two to the end would be
quite nice with the color here to have
some maybe some presets rather than just
kind of the RGB sliders we can change
the blend mode here and you know a
couple of other features here such as a
position so we'll leave this right and I
will put this on top center and actually
when we go ahead and just send ourselves
a new I message you'll actually go ahead
and give you the the thing had a big
battery so what I'll do is just zoom in
on this just so you can have a bit of an
overview of that and pretty different
and this is actually on top of the icon
theme so you can use that with themes
and stuff which is pretty nice that one
is called badge customizer ok guys so
next up we take a look at week auto a
pup data and has you haven't got any
pending App Store updates but I can sort
of show this in the settings menu here
and this is the actual auto a pup data
you can see you have a kill switch here
you have some neat features you know you
can change the the update every feature
here so you can have it set every six
hours or every 30 minutes if you really
want to I mean six hours is pretty much
i would say quite a good standard to
actually set it to you could actually
only update on Wi-Fi we to something
that's really nice you can go here into
app settings in you actually turn off
you know actual updates with certain
applications that brings up being a
whole list you can update now it will
check for updates automatically and you
can view your update history as well but
generally a really nice little app that
or the little twit you can download from
the cydia store that was called auto
updater ok guys coming up next we're
taking a look at ads we called flip
clock for Notification Center this one
adds a nice little flip call call my HTC
style to you or a notification sent here
as you can see the the minutes or
seconds just saw water ethically flip
over and this one is actually a tweak
not winterboard theme so that means that
you can jump into the settings for this
one and you actually have a few to
configure which is always nice so drop
into flip clock widget and obviously you
can use this would say dash will x
something like that
and as you have this on your home screen
if you really wanted to you can see red
second so we can just turn that off and
when we come back onto you just have
normal seconds there and read Sundays
you can see glass fit in the reflection
you can you know you change a few of
these around a little bit and have a
bounce effect turn that off and if we
just show you have this so glass effect
and now you don't have the bounce and
stuff a really nice little to your tweet
there that one is called flip clock for
notification center and definitely well
worth for download okay guys coming up
next we're taking a look at twinkled
livewire this one again is a cydia tweak
that allows you to have an awesome
little and animation on the unlock of
your device so what we'll do is lock the
device is unlock this I've got a few
sort of custom tweaks installed and it
still works and you can see you kind of
have those two sliding doors that open
and sort of sideways and get it quite
simple little tweak but nice sort of
little feature and you know probably
will catch the attention of a few of
your friends asking you how you have
that kind of thing on there but
definitely well worth the download and
that one's called livewire okay guys
last but certainly no means least we're
taking a look at a tweak called for
status bar as you can probably imagine
this one I actually force your status
bar to show and you know no matter what
you're doing so what you might be doing
is in say an absolute load up plants vs
zombies here and I'll just turn the
volume down a little bit here so you can
see the app will actually automatically
still display the status bar and no
matter what you're doing right for
gaming especially so when we can see you
have the status bar here we're obviously
you wouldn't actually have that usually
so that again is quite a handy little
tweak some people might quite like that
you can see actually kind of has a bit
of a pasty to it so you can sort of see
through it as well so it's not too
invasive on and you know gaming and
stuff like that but that's been my top
five guys really hope you guys enjoy
this little video please subscribe but
if you haven't really also please check
out the full playlist of all my top 5
tweak videos I've ever done a link to
that will be in the description below
but until next time guys I'll see you
later